README.md, before:

# install

```bash
> [sudo] npm install -g bower;
> bower install;
> python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

# usage

Enter any Pelias query string into the box on the top, and it will query
multiple Pelias instances with that query, displaying results side by side for easy comparison.

# advanced usage

you can use ```getEndpoints()``` and ```setEndpoints()``` in your browser `Console` tab to change which hosts are being queried, or use ```resetEndpoints()``` to reset to defaults.

your endpoint preferences are stored in `localStorage`, so they will persist between page loads.

# compare against localhost

you can update the endpoints to point to localhost; in your browser `Console` tab type:

```javascript
> getEndpoints()

[
  "https://api.geocode.earth",
  "http://another-pelias.com"
]
```
```javascript
> setEndpoints([
  "https://api.geocode.earth",
  "http://another-pelias.com",
  "http://localhost:3100"
])

MainController.js:112 saved to localStorage
```

# commit dependencies to github

please commit your `bower_components/*` to github so they are available on the github CDN.

# deploy to github.io

simply open a [new PR against gh-pages](https://github.com/pelias/compare/compare/gh-pages...master)

**note** it can take several minutes before the gh-pages content appears at http://pelias.github.io/compare

#### from the command-line

if you have push access you can deploy directly from the command-line:

```bash
➜  compare git:(master) git fetch

From github.com:pelias/compare
 * [new branch]      gh-pages   -> origin/gh-pages
```
```bash
➜  compare git:(master) git checkout gh-pages

Branch gh-pages set up to track remote branch gh-pages from origin.
Switched to a new branch 'gh-pages'
```
```bash
➜  compare git:(gh-pages) git merge master

Merge made by the 'recursive' strategy.
 README.md                         | 12 +++++++++++-
 app/controllers/MainController.js |  7 ++++---
 2 files changed, 15 insertions(+), 4 deletions(-)
 ```
 ```bash
➜  compare git:(gh-pages) git push origin gh-pages

Counting objects: 1, done.
Writing objects: 100% (1/1), 232 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 1 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
To git@github.com:pelias/compare.git
   64a4d79..0356274  gh-pages -> gh-pages
```

Commit message:

Update readme for removal of gh-pages branch

README.md, after:

# install

```bash
> [sudo] npm install -g bower;
> bower install;
> python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

# usage

Enter any Pelias query string into the box on the top, and it will query
multiple Pelias instances with that query, displaying results side by side for easy comparison.

# advanced usage

you can use ```getEndpoints()``` and ```setEndpoints()``` in your browser `Console` tab to change which hosts are being queried, or use ```resetEndpoints()``` to reset to defaults.

your endpoint preferences are stored in `localStorage`, so they will persist between page loads.

# compare against localhost

you can update the endpoints to point to localhost; in your browser `Console` tab type:

```javascript
> getEndpoints()

[
  "https://api.geocode.earth",
  "http://another-pelias.com"
]
```
```javascript
> setEndpoints([
  "https://api.geocode.earth",
  "http://another-pelias.com",
  "http://localhost:3100"
])

MainController.js:112 saved to localStorage
```

# commit dependencies to github

please commit your `bower_components/*` to github so they are available on the github CDN.

# deploy to github.io

Github Pages is activated on the master branch, so open PRs as normal.

**note** it can take several minutes before the gh-pages content appears at http://pelias.github.io/compare

#### from the command-line

if you have push access you can deploy directly from the command-line:

```bash
➜  compare git:(master) git fetch

From github.com:pelias/compare
 * [new branch]      gh-pages   -> origin/gh-pages
```
```bash
➜  compare git:(master) git checkout gh-pages

Branch gh-pages set up to track remote branch gh-pages from origin.
Switched to a new branch 'gh-pages'
```
```bash
➜  compare git:(gh-pages) git merge master

Merge made by the 'recursive' strategy.
 README.md                         | 12 +++++++++++-
 app/controllers/MainController.js |  7 ++++---
 2 files changed, 15 insertions(+), 4 deletions(-)
 ```
 ```bash
➜  compare git:(gh-pages) git push origin gh-pages

Counting objects: 1, done.
Writing objects: 100% (1/1), 232 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 1 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
To git@github.com:pelias/compare.git
   64a4d79..0356274  gh-pages -> gh-pages
```
